Microservices guide general update to 3.1 (#16202)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/multi-container-microservice-net-applications/background-tasks-with-ihostedservice.md

**Figure 6-26**. Using IHostedService in a WebHost vs. a Host

> ASP.NET Core 1.x and 2.x support `IWebHost` for background processes in web apps. .NET Core 2.1 and up supports `IHost` for background processes with plain console apps. Note the difference made between `WebHost` and `Host`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core 1.x and 2.x support `IWebHost` for background processes in web apps. .NET Core 2.1 and later versions support `IHost` for background processes with plain console apps. Note the difference made between `WebHost` and `Host`.
```

### Deployment considerations and takeaways

It is important to note that the way you deploy your ASP.NET Core `WebHost` or .NET Core `Host` might impact the final solution. For instance, if you deploy your `WebHost` on IIS or a regular Azure App Service, your host can be shut down because of app pool recycles. But if you are deploying your host as a container into an orchestrator like Kubernetes, you can control the assured number of live instances of your host. In addition, you could consider other approaches in the cloud especially made for these scenarios, like Azure Functions. Finally, if you need the service to be running all the time and are deploying on a Windows Server you could use a Windows Service.

But even for a `WebHost` deployed into an app pool, there are scenarios like repopulating or flushing application’s in-memory cache that would be still applicable.

> The `IHostedService` interface provides a convenient way to start background tasks in an ASP.NET Core web application (in .NET Core 2.0 and up) or in any process/host (starting in .NET Core 2.1 with `IHost`). Its main benefit is the opportunity you get with the graceful cancellation to clean-up code of your background tasks when the host itself is shutting down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IHostedService` interface provides a convenient way to start background tasks in an ASP.NET Core web application (in .NET Core 2.0 and later versions) or in any process/host (starting in .NET Core 2.1 with `IHost`). Its main benefit is the opportunity you get with the graceful cancellation to clean-up code of your background tasks when the host itself is shutting down.
```
